[PRW loadtest] Add metricsgen into otelbnech (#1294)
elastic/opentelemetry-collector-components: loadgen/cmd/otelbench/README.md

        benchmark metrics (default true)
  -metrics-data-path string
        path to metrics data file (e.g. metrics.json). If empty, embedded data will be used.
  -metrics-generator

>         run as a metricsgen-based load generator (plain collector run reading -config) instead of the default benchmark

Reviewer: is `-metrics-generator` just the same as running with `-config <embedded config-prw.yml>`?
```suggestion
  -metrics-generator
        run as a metricsgen-based load generator. Equivalent to running with -config with an embedded config-prw.yml
```

Author: Hmm no because then the specific mode will not be executed in generarator and it will start the otebnech benchmarks

  -metrics-telemetry-endpoint string
        collector self-telemetry Prometheus host to scrape for -metrics-generator benchmark output; empty disables it (default "127.0.0.1")
  -metrics-telemetry-port-range range

>         port range to search for a free collector self-telemetry Prometheus port (START-END) (default "8889-8999")

Reviewer: nit: YAGNI, don't think we need to expose this.

Author: Removed [remove flag](https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry-collector-components/pull/1294/commits/7e494636a482213c53fa4709f9e08dcbebb7133c)

./otelbench -config=./config.yaml -endpoint-otlp=localhost:4317 -endpoint-otlphttp=https://localhost:4318/prefix -api-key some_api_key -telemetry-elasticsearch-url=localhost:9200 -telemetry-elasticsearch-api-key telemetry_api_key -telemetry-elasticsearch-index "metrics*" -telemetry-filter-cluster-name cluster_name
```

## Metrics generator mode

With the use of flag `-metrics-generator`, otelbench runs the collector defined by `-config` directly as a load generator. This is intended
for `metricsgen`-based metrics pipelines (e.g. Prometheus Remote Write) and the `loadgenreceiver` is not used.
Read more information for [metricsgenreceiver](https://github.com/elastic/metricsgenreceiver)

> The run continues until the collector exits on its own. With `metricsgen` configured with `exit_after_end: true`, the collector terminates once the backfill is generated and otelbench exits `0`. Use `-duration-metrics` as an optional safety cap (a Go duration like `90s`, `2m`, `1h`); when it elapses, the collector is shut down. Leaving it at `0` (the default) means no cap.

Reviewer: q: "on its own" as "in receiving a signal or when duration-metrics elapses, the earlier of the 2"?

Author: Hmm you are probably right Carson. This is a soak workload, and conceptually it belongs with otelsoak.
The [runcollector](https://github.com/elastic/opentelemetry-collector-components/pull/1294/changes#diff-675c4f809da31257fb4bf450cee90b83fac351a7f8f1ff2282ea75e7419938b7R58) is exactly this: Calls te config and waits and I am passing nil for all the Stats channels.

The reason for putting this here is the fact that otelbench has its own image CI and it is ready to use it in Motel later in the other PR

Author: > q: "on its own" as "in receiving a signal or when duration-metrics elapses, the earlier of the 2"?

I updated the doc a bit. let me know.
So the stop paths are:

- `exit_after_end`: config-driven “generation is done, stop now”
- `-duration-metrics`: otelbench timer closes the collector stop channel
- `Ctrl-C / interrupt`: OS signal for signal.NotifyContext
